1) What is the mass of a photon?
A photon is massless.

2) What is the size of a quark?
Quarks range from 2.3 MeV/c2 to 173.07 GeV/c2 approximately.

3) What is the difference between electrical charge and color charge?
Electrical charge is a quality responsible for electrical phenomena in particles, while color charge is responsible for the strong force that acts on quarks and anti-quarks.

4) Explain the difference between a boson and a fermion.
A boson is any particle that can have multiple versions of itself existing in the same quantum state and has an integer number spin, whereas a fermion is a particle that can only exist in one state at a given moment and has a half-integer number spin.

5) Describe what type of particle is both a boson and a hadron.  Give and example.
A baryon, being made up of triplets of quarks and tightly bound by the strong force, is both a hadron and (therefore) a boson. An example of a baryon is a proton, which is made up by 2 up and 1 down quarks. 

6) Explain the purpose of a bubble chamber.
Bubble chambers are designed to make the tracks of ionizing (electrically charged) particles visible. 

7) What are leptons made of?
Leptons are elementary particles, therefore, they are not made up of anything smaller. 

8) Name two leptons and two baryons.
Leptons: electron, muon.
Baryons: proton, neutron.

9) Explain what quantities are conserved at each vertex of a Feynmenn diagram.
Charge, the baryon number and the lepton number are the quantities conserved at the vertices of a Feynman diagram. 

10) Explain what an "exchange particle" is.  Describe its function and provide an example.
An exchange particle is a force carrier particle that produces force when echanged with other force carriers. Gluons are the exchange particles of quarks, generating the strong force and being responsible for the change of their color charge. Gluons are also considered to be the fundamental exchange particle underlying the strong interaction between protons and neutrons in a nucleus. 
